c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.pdb
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\obj\Debug\Placesv1.Web.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\obj\Debug\Placesv1.dll
c:\users\carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\obj\Debug\Placesv1.pdb
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Json.dll
C:\Users\Carl\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\System.Json.xml
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.Model.dll
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Carl\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Placesv1\Placesv1\bin\Placesv1.DAL.pdb
